Try attacking first
Hahahahaha Night Wuji
The Five Elements War is on its own
Attacking brute force is ineffective
I see
Ye Wuji, I think you should surrender earlier
This five-element war can't get out, it's terrifying
Unaware of life and death
Since you are willing to suffer
Then you should be good
When I see you begging for mercy
Broken eyes
open
Who is this broken net?
And there were different reactions.
I found the strategy node.
The Five Elements War will be broken for me.
No.
Impossible this is impossible
Five Elements Array
But the top formation handed down from ancient times
It broke so easily
How did you see the formation node?